Dude, the doctor said you can go out today
Great, pack up and go home.
Would you like to ask?
Is grandpa free to pick you up today?
Go to driver's license
The brat is waiting for me here
Who bit me?
Aren't you in a hurry to report your great-grandson?
How can I report my great-grandson if you don't help me?
With you, for the sake of my great-grandson
Don't force it to take care once
Okay, okay, haha.
Ah!
Yanyan, it's me, it's me, I'm discharged today
Are you free to pick me up?
When you are free 4 Grandpa, I will come now.
Okay, okay, grandpa is waiting for you.
Medicine for the poor
You need me to help you with love
You don't help me
I am willing to be poor
Of course, yeah.
This is also the first time I have seen the young master so caring
I've been worried about coaxing children
This kid has a bad temper
I'm afraid I won't be able to be a girlfriend for the rest of my life.
It seems that it is overthinking and impossible to have much hope
Hahaha hey
This is Miss Ouyan
Be polite to me when you see him in the future
OK, welcome Miss Ouyan